hello friends welcome to a
training
I will be 0 and this has been a video that
they have asked for it enough in the world
videos had scored goals from the start and
so they see me shock like the chair and
then this video is for everyone
I hope you enjoy it
this is like scoring goal from the serve
start and if they know how to occupy to be able
score a goal since the start
match or when they make a goal for
can tie or is a super tool
useful, the only thing they have to do is
go deep and this is going to do
that the button elevates more and the l one more
triangle is a pass that we occupy in
all our parties now we are going to
start
check this in our kick-off what
first they have to see is who is
forward in this case benzema and di maria
that we front and those who are
behind them in this case to my right
Xabi Alonso is already not even
luca models what we're going to do is give
One pass and the other run to space
we are going to place our player that
profile with a race almost diagonally
and let him touch his right leg in this
case a veloso is not left-handed we are going to
observe the mobile
of our forward and we just have to
predict the time you are going to
cross the line of defenses and
let's put our pass to depth
we calculate it between two bars and
two and a half bars and the pass what
we direct lightly you're
running to our player is going to fall
the perfect ball and will be able to put a
great goal and will fall to a very position
good here we will observe in a
position a little in slow motion
observe how our choir is being
moving and just at the moment that
is almost crossing the defensive line
there we send the pass so that it arrives
perfect and just before the outside of
place
see how it goes very well dinar and there
can put here a great goal this step
can apply in many cases here
what is shaping its right foot that
is the right gives the pass to di maria and
we have a great goal
can be applied in many ways
for example to pass here xavi to
modern we look forward to the same time
Outlines your correct leg sends passes
high
we have other balls or here head and if
for example the play was seen what
can do is use their bands to send
a pass to the one on the end either
the right or left side and give the
Pass applies in all these cases
here we are raised a real match and
see how well the firm passage comes out and
la pasa van persie touches it and pum equal
as we did in our
training
friend if you want to win 10 mini pairs of
gold all they have to do is
tell me how this movement is done that
the last time he had a lot of confusion
because it is not as dominate the ball but
is how he is dominating the ball and
while you are dominating them, make a
rainbow about you that's the movement and
the first one to tell us how to do it
let's give away 10 mini gold packs
good friends this has been all for this
tutorial I hope it helps you and
to help them score a lot of goals
start of the matches or to tie the
matches that get them goal I know
Cerecero and remember fifa life